docs: split bot documentation into separate files with minor fix (#2226)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/plugin/bot/channels.rst

           if not trigger.sender.is_nick():
               # this trigger is from a channel

       See :meth:`Identifier.is_nick() <sopel.tools.Identifier.is_nick>` for
       more information.

Getting users in a channel
==========================

To get a list of users in a **channel**, you can use its
:attr:`~sopel.tools.target.Channel.users` attribute: this is a map of users you
can iterate over to get all the users::

    for nick, user in channel.users.items():
        # do something with the nick and the user

You can access one user in a channel with its nick::

    user = channel.users['Nickname']

With the ``trigger`` object, you can also access the user object directly::

    user = channel.users[trigger.nick]

Manage channels
===============

Like any IRC client, Sopel uses IRC messages to join or leave channels, to kick
users or to set channel modes. It provides methods you can use to send those
commands:

* :meth:`bot.join() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.join>`: to join a channel
* :meth:`bot.part() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.part>`: to leave a channel
* :meth:`bot.kick() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.kick>`: to kick a user from a

>   channel (this may requires some extra privileges)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  channel (this may require some extra privileges)
```

`slain_nemesiS_count += 1`

* :meth:`bot.write() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.write>`: to send any message to IRC

Join & Part
-----------

If you want the bot to join or leave a channel, the solution is
straightforward::

    bot.join('#channel_name')
    bot.part('#channel_name')

For example, you can recreate the ``.join #channel`` command like so::

    @plugin.commands('join')
    @plugin.require_admin()
    def my_custom_join(bot, trigger):
        channel, key = trigger.group(3), trigger.group(4)

>         bot.join(channel, password=key)

Reviewer: Nit: This recreates the `.tmpjoin` command, not `.join`. 😛

> In this example, the bot sends the following IRC message to the server:

Reviewer: Might want to specify the example command (`.join #channel`) here, and leave the above as just "the .join command". Otherwise, the sample input might be too far from the sample output.

.. code-block:: irc

    JOIN #channel

When the server replies to that message, Sopel will automatically update its

> list of known channels and may send other request to know more about its users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list of known channels and may send other IRC commands to know more about its users.
```

However, it won't add the channel to its configuration: you will have to do
that yourself by adding it to
:attr:`bot.settings.core.channels <sopel.config.core_section.CoreSection.channels>`
if you choose to do so.

The ``part`` method works exactly like the ``join`` method: it sends a message
to the IRC server and it is up to you to decide if you want to save or not

> that information in the settings—in that case by removing it from the list.

Reviewer: Before I nitpick the wording here (I'm not fond of "to save or not that information"), there's a structural consideration to think about: Most plugins won't need to worry about joining/parting channels, and certainly won't have to deal with managing the bot's settings.

Could these notes (here and the above paragraph) about that be pulled into an aside instead? I'm thinking `.. note::` in this case, though one could also justify it being `.. important::`. Just a brief overview of these methods' existence and how they work is enough for the main text.

.. warning::

    You should always consider security when allowing the bot to join or leave
    a channel: in this example, only admins are allowed to use the ``.join``
    command thanks to the :func:`~sopel.plugin.require_admin` decorator.

Kick users
----------

Sometimes you don't want a user in your channel. The IRC message would be:

.. code-block:: irc

    KICK #channel xnaas :You know why!

You can use :meth:`bot.kick() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.kick>` to achieve the same
result::

    bot.kick('xnaas', '#channel', text='You know why!')

.. warning::

>     Be responsible: you should ensure that your plugin limits abuse as much as
>     possible, either by limiting who can trigger a kick (by checking
>     :doc:`privileges </plugin/privileges>`), or by limiting kicks to an
>     explicit set of reasons and/or actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Be responsible: you should ensure that your plugin limits the potential for abuse as much as
    possible. For example, consider limiting who can trigger a kick by checking
    :doc:`privileges </plugin/privileges>`, and/or limiting kicks to an
    explicit set of reasons.
```

Lazy non-rewrap since this is a pretty big change that you'll probably want to tweak anyway before accepting, if at all.

To get a list of users in a **channel**, you can use its
:attr:`~sopel.tools.target.Channel.users` attribute: this is a map of users you
can iterate over to get all the users::

    for nick, user in channel.users.items():
        # do something with the nick and the user

You can access one user in a channel with its nick::

    user = channel.users['Nickname']

With the ``trigger`` object, you can also access the user object directly::

    user = channel.users[trigger.nick]

Manage channels
===============

Like any IRC client, Sopel uses IRC messages to join or leave channels, to kick
users or to set channel modes. It provides methods you can use to send those
commands:

* :meth:`bot.join() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.join>`: to join a channel
* :meth:`bot.part() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.part>`: to leave a channel
* :meth:`bot.kick() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.kick>`: to kick a user from a
  channel (this may require some extra privileges)
* :meth:`bot.write() <sopel.irc.AbstractBot.write>`: to send any message to IRC

Join & Part
-----------

If you want the bot to join or leave a channel, the solution is
straightforward::

    bot.join('#channel_name')
    bot.part('#channel_name')

> For example, you can recreate the ``tmpjoin`` command like so::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can recreate the ``.tmpjoin`` command like so::
```

    @plugin.commands('tmpjoin')
    @plugin.require_admin()
    def my_custom_join(bot, trigger):
        channel, key = trigger.group(3), trigger.group(4)
        if not channel:
            bot.reply('I need a channel to join.')
        else:
            bot.join(channel, password=key)

To use that command:

.. code-block:: irc

    <Admin> .tmpjoin #channel

And then the bot will send the following message:

.. code-block:: irc

    JOIN #channel

When the server replies to that message, Sopel will automatically update its
list of known channels and may send other IRC commands to know more about its
users. The ``part`` method works exactly like the ``join`` method, but the bot
will leave the channel instead of joining it.

.. note::

>     Both ``join`` and ``part`` methods send IRC command to the server, but they
>     don't update configuration file: when the bot will restart, unless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Both ``join`` and ``part`` methods send an IRC command to the server, but they
    don't update the bot's configuration file: when the bot will restart, unless
```

.. note::

    Both ``join`` and ``part`` methods send an IRC command to the server, but they

>     don't update the bot's configuration file: when the bot will restart, unless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    don't update the bot's configuration file: when the bot restarts, unless
```
